This is a character mod for Slay The Spire, using the ProTemplate by DarkVexon and Alchyr.

This character is based off the other 4 base game characters and the world of Slay The Spire,
and is intended to be an idea of what a 5th base game character would look like. In terms of
mechanics and card design, this means I tried to create complementary mechanics to the watcher,
such as Return, the complement of Retain, Plan, the complement of Scry, and instead of cards
that react to the previous card you played, I made many cards that react to the enemies stats
and intentions. The main companion mechanic is designed to value consistency over multiple turns
rather than front loaded or scaling damage, and most of the other mechanics reinforce the idea of
being consistent. But consistency is boring, so the remaining mechanics are designed to break the
consistency. First is the cultist synergy, my character's backstory is that he was once a cultist,
and so even though it has been years since then he still remembers the old rituals, and can
perform them to gain power for a cost. Lastly, the controversial "Autoplay" card synergy is
intended to be a fresh take on card generation, drawing negative cards in order to create specific
powerful cards. This is partially designed to make the Special Ability more accessible, but also to make
certain cards more interesting. Ideally, the cards generated by Autoplay cards should be generally
useful in most situations, while at the same time being neither boring nor catch-all cards. I also
wanted these cards to have particularly juicy upgrades so that without any synergies with autoplay
cards, the normal card will simply be a better choice, on top of being able to draw it earlier.

I would greatly appreciate any advice, feedback, or perhaps even art as I intend to make this mod
look pretty good. I am not an artist, and I do not want to simply recolor base game art. I will be
fine with simply using the given assets from ProTemplate and maybe someday making bad beta art
assets for the character. I also plan to someday, once I have more money, commission good art for
my mod, and really polish it up with VFX, SFX, proper animated sprites, etc. I'm a long way from
that but I hope I can get it done someday.

Google docs with all the ideas:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e4pEyJ5tVEn1IrhpTW1QSevZomFI80xxFr72yOyQOVE/edit?usp=sharing

TODO LIST:
Redo all card arts to match new design
redo tutorial images to match new design
Heart Comic...
Double Check companion tooltips
redraw badge

TONOTDO LIST:
custom VFX
custom SFX
commission good art
animate character
lock cards
custom energy orb

TOMAYBEDO LIST:
playtest to fix all the bugs
fix weird companion small intent visual bug
awakened one voice line
Abandon buff?
Exponential Force buff?
revert Grand Scheme rework?